New MCs (New Music Creators) is a website designed to provide artists and musicians with opportunities to collaborate and record original songs that will be included in a compilation LP managed by the producer of the project.  Even with the internet giving musicians the liberty to be independent, the mainstream is still controlled by radio and television programmers that do not consider all of the independent music available. Compilation projects increase the chances of artists receiving the exposure they’ll need to be successful in their craft. It only takes one song to go viral or to be marketed successfully - to generate exposure for all artists included in the project.
 
Everyone assumed the tasks they were strongest in and it naturally divided our team into our front end and back end programmers. Ben set the project off with the bootstrap styling as the blueprint. He added HTML/CSS styling to the nav bar, animated text, made our website mobile responsive, and added our modal. Kiran is the Google-Fu black belt of the team. He located the exact photo gallery we described in our Psuedo Code, added HTML/CSS to add our favicon, style the footer, and add content to our welcome and project pages. William created the theme of the site as to what it’s purpose is. He provided the images and audio content, and added HTML/CSS to style the page background, jumbotron, and configured the html/css/javaScript for the photo gallery. Stephen coded Jquery functions to make our project interact with the database in saving and publishing content to our HTML and assissted Ben with building the modal. Eric, our project manager, mainly operates on the server side to store things into our database, authorizing and authenticating users with security rules, while contibuting HTML/CSS and assisting front end developers.
